Fettuccine Alfredo with Button Mushrooms & Spinach

Ingredients
1½ cup heavy cream divided
3 tbsp butter divided
Sea salt and freshly cracked pepper to taste
Pinch of fresh nutmeg grated
5 oz baby cremini mushrooms cleaned
1 clove garlic minced
2 cups baby spinach
9 oz fettuccine cooked just shy of al dente
¾ cup fresh parmesan finely grated

Instructions
Prepare the cream sauce by heating one cup of the heavy cream and 2 tablespoons of butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat until it simmers.
Simmer for 12-15 minutes, stirring it often, until reduced to about ⅔ cup.
Remove from the heat and add the remaining ½ cup heavy cream.
Stir to combine, then season with a bit of sea salt and freshly cracked pepper, to taste, along with a pinch of freshly grated nutmeg.
Prepare the vegetables while the cream is simmering by heating the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and cook undisturbed for 3 minutes. Toss and continue to cook until golden brown, about 3-4 minutes.
Add the spinach and minced garlic and cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and set aside until needed.
Prepare the pasta while the cream is reducing by cooking the fettuccine in a large pot of salted boiling water according to the package instructions until just shy of al dente. Drain, reserving ¼ cup of pasta water.
Finish the recipe by returning the cream mixture to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to low, then add the drained pasta and the parmesan cheese.
Cook over low heat, tossing the pasta with tongs to combine until the cheese is melted, the sauce has coated the pasta, and the pasta is al dente, 1-2 minutes.
Stir in the reserved cooking water, if needed.
Add the mushroom & spinach mixture; stir to combine.
Set aside to allow to thicken for 1-2 minutes.
Toss again, then serve in warmed bowls, which helps the sauce stay nice and creamy.
Season with more sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, if desired. Enjoy.